What's with all those cookies?
This is my favorite barnyard.
I love the way you can just do it without having to visit your local drug store.
The time I last was here, I didn't know what I was doing.
You are dellusional of you think that we can just eat food and survive off that.
We need a better way of getting rid of the bodies.
Just wipe all the blood off with a moist towelette.
I deserve a better car to drive because I am an American in America.
Dude, we need another network primetime type personality to shove a another show in a decent time slot.
The worst part was I didn't even get a free t-shirt.
You gotta know when to stop, so just pay attention to the signs.
There are twelve steps to becoming a better business man.
First of all, you can all get out of my face with this nonsense.
The furious characteristics that embody the sea lion is one that I will not assume.
One of my favorite albums of all time has to be the one with that one song on it.
I had no idea that you could just walk outside and steal a bird off the street.
Dogs have no idea what time it is.
We now live in a nation where people use farms to harvest food for the community as a means of making an income.
If you invest in the stock market, you better be wearing underwear.
I really don't have to say this twice but how about I do it three times.
There are many things to consider when owning a car.
The last thing you want is a dude breaking into your home.
You have got to provide for your family.
It puts dinner on the table.
You could find yourself sleeping with the enemy.
The best bacon you could ever find is closer than you think.
I have the power to change the world with this product.
You have to think that there is a better solution.
One may be inclined to do it, but think before making moves.
Spend all your cash as well as you can.
Put your socks on one at a time.
You'll find yourself rushing out to buy the latest toy.
That isn't how one should speak to their elders.
Listen with your ears and keep your mouth shut.
Looking for excuses but you should be looking for solutions.
I'm here talking about glow in the dark popcorn.
I would appreciate it if everyone considered public transit.
This is probably and underestimated value.
Only if it is 50% will I consider such purchases.
Fighting a bear in the snow is a good way to find yourself alone.
Squid carcasses are found all over the ocean floor in what is described as fun.
We do this one way, the right way.
Babies grow up to be around 10 feet in diameter.
It is the ones who defy authorities that usually have horrendous eating habits.
The total depth of your ability is judged in inches.
The power.