What's with those cookies?
This is my favorite barnyard.
I love the way you can just do it without having to visit your local drug store.
The time I last was here, I didn't know what I was doing.
You are dellusional of you think that we can just eat food and survive off that.
We need a better way of getting rid of the bodies.
Wipe the blood off with a moist towelette.
I deserve a better car to drive because I am a nine year old in America.
I would personally be the first person to trim your botanical garden.
The worst part was I didn't even get a free t-shirt.
You gotta know when to stop, so just pay attention to the signs.
There are twelve steps to becoming a better business man.
First off, you can get out of my face with this nonsense.
The furious characteristics that embody the sea lion is one that I will not assume.
My favorite book has to be the one with that one song on it.
I had no idea that you could just walk outside and steal a bird off the street.
Dogs have no idea what time it is.
We now live in a nation where people use farms.
We must harvest food for the community.
Make an income doing something you hate.
If you invest in the stock market, you better be wearing underwear.
I really don't have to say this twice but how about I do it three times.
There are many things to consider when owning a car.
The last thing you want is a dude breaking into your home.
You have got to provide for your family.
It puts dinner on the table.
You could find yourself sleeping with the enemy.
The best bacon you could ever find is closer than you think.
I have the power to change the world with this product.
You have to think that there is a better solution.
One may be inclined to do it, but think before making moves.
Spend your cash as well as you can.
Put your socks on one at a time.
You'll find yourself rushing out to buy the latest toy.
That isn't how one should speak to their elders.
Listen with your ears and keep your mouth shut.
Looking for excuses but you should be looking for solutions.
I'm here talking about glow in the dark popcorn.
I would appreciate it if everyone considered public transit.
This is probably and underestimated value.
Only if it is half will I consider such purchases.
Fighting a bear in the snow is a good way to find yourself alone.
Found on the ocean floor are squid carcasses which is described as fun.
We do this one way, the right way.
Babies grow up to be around 10 feet in diameter.
It is the ones who defy authorities that usually have horrendous eating habits.
The total depth of your ability is judged in inches.
The power.
Face the facts about your marriage.
Beans, a lot of them.
Exhaustion may be to blame for the people sitting down right now.
We need more salted crackers.
Good news for tired puppies remains to be seen.
It's important to emphasize the best.
We only eat at the worst restaurants.
Knowing when to start is when we stop.
Throw out your old paper work and get a computer.
Send your kids to a nice private school and let the teachers do the rest.
Better off hiring a forensic scientist to clean your apartment than a maid.
One out of ten human beings are currently alive and well.
We don't have any real reason to give money to pizzerias.
When I step into the club I let it be known.
May the people of your land be given gifts.
Would it be weird if I ate this potato?
The question lies in the fact that we don't know the answer to.
To think of things like planes is too much for me to handle.
Months go by as I think about fabric softeners in the winter.
Strive for justice, settle for everything.
Dentistry has come a long way since the times of disco.
Dance your heart out and see a doctor immediately.
Don't ever give him the stick unless he's on the ice.
Just so you know we don't sell carpet cleaner to minors.
Never go backwards if you find yourself wearing only a hat.
Think about how the industrial revolution inspired reality TV.
Drinking contributes to an increase in your soup.
Drop everything you are doing because I am speaking.
Eating while walking is horrendously difficult.
For dolphins to show up wearing tuxedos baffles me.
Don't just hit snooze, suffocate yourself with a pillow.
Listening to the television the entire day makes me deaf.
I should really learn how to write.
Studying botany at the age most people die.
Chocolate Milk.
After school was the best.
Played hand-ball till my hands suffered from arthritis.
Only visited my grandparents by boat.
Pencils.
I hate dinosaurs.
I like dinosaurs.
Is there such thing as too full?
Now that opened a fresh bag of Triskets.
Being that money is no object.
We do what we can for decent air conditioning.
Let's think to ourselves for a moment.
The slide on the playground tastes like feta cheese.
Cooking with new kitchenware is a dream come true.
Call me prehistoric.
Political parties have yet to involve pizza.
Save money on your car insurance by dying.
First thing he did was dunk oreos in orange juice.
I never learned to tie my shoes.
Dump a basket of golden retrievers on me.
I will pay you to go away.
Please don't give me a broken wall.
When the bell rings everyone must go inside.
Teachers are overpaid and underwhelming.
My principle said the word.
No, we don't.
Just stop and go, please.
Marshallz.
My blog.
It's blog time.
Blogging for cookies.
Get murdered by a hitchhiker.
Love Jones.
A great way to spend time in maximum security.
Chocolate lasagna.
Ketchup instead of homework.
We refuse to be eaten alive.
It's weird man.
Touch many of the baseballs.
Don't ever wash your hands.
You should try eating a brick.
Don't be sloppy with your embezzlement.
Funny how you aren't getting recognized for the Pulitzer Prize.
Seventeen cats have won three or more academy awards.
Tom Jones.
Listening to hardcore with your buddies.
I gave birth to a cinder block once.
My mother is director of supervisors.
Sounds like a problem if you're scratching too much.
One thing to take away from winning while losing.
Do not go inside.
Two things to bring with you is bread and water.
Put it in a canister.
Rules and regulations are to be constructed out of legos.
We can have everything we want, but we can steal.
How about you leave the citizens out of this.
This might be the biggest approval of the year.
Many chefs have been purified in a totalitarian state.
Factual opinions have yet to be open onions.
A figure of speech for uninterrupted housewives.
Thorough gardening expands minds across the nation.
Playing video games with my cousin has become an exhausting birthday cake.
Generally speaking, I specifically asked for condiments to be removed.
Today we start by stopping productivity.
Years ago a man with a name was born.
Unsettling news for candy bars while riding bicycles.
I do not condone the use of shoes as footwear.
My mom.
Every single day is when I eat lunch.
Playing with forensic scientists at the jungle gym.
Falling into a pit of lions was yesterday.
Time and space with extra donuts.
Late for work? Try waking up.
Get real, we need better sidewalks.
Eat until you are full.
Somebody tell me their wildest adventure.
I will pay you in cold hard cash.
Needless to say I ate it anyway.
If it falls on the floor, let it alone.
Tranist authorities are struggling to deliver muffins.
Order direct by using a telegram.
Don't tell me they used loads of nitrogen oxide.
You can tell the book was made of parsely.
The perfect gift is letting a criminal roam the streets as a free man.
These utility bills are too obnoxious to make a good leader.
I prefer digesting my shreded documents over a cold fire.
I wouldn't risk having too many children in the kitchen.
The very second you lay eyes across the table.
Could result in many bacterial infections such as sandwiches.
They now have antidepressants for the deaf people.
Cheese, lots of it.
My worst nightmare has come false.
First this, now cranberries have no legs.
Behave like a gentle donut.
It can be like cracking open a coconut with your teeth.
Vitamins and minerals are disgusting.
Many students suffer from head trauma in the winter.
Great ideas are poorly thought out.
Assuming that we're still alive.
I really don't understand the multiplication table.
I have been listening to nothing but heavy metal.
You drive a sudan and you love it.
The only place where you can wear a head of lettuce.
Small steps for every air conditioning vent in your bathroom.
We can make grilled pudding for cheap.
I ask him if he was a zebra.
It's like they say, you're an idiot.
The location of mixed feelings is beyond me.
Not now, but maybe immediately.
Because back in my day we walked with shoes.
Drink not because we are hungry, but because of you.
Do not walk is the same as that other thing.
In other terms, stylistically.
We deserve highly mediocre cookies.
With every fiber of my oatmeal.
Western civilizations invented tribal tattoos in a wooden pantry.
With a ton of maple syrup on your ham sandwich.
I need to decide on a coffee maker.
Love what you did to those sick orange peels.
All while me eat peanut butters.
I used to be somebody buttery.
A toast to bread.
Let us rejoice in the vacuum cleaner.
Stop with all that jovial joisting.
Around juan or two times before.
While Hulk Hogan ate my toothbrush.
Won't drink a cheesecake.
Put exactly one pound of sushi in your breastpocket.
Or you can think of it as a cantaloupe of dreams.
I can't think of anyone.
I'd rather not have any bananas.
Excuse me, but thank you.
Crazy to think I felt what you smelt.
Don't be a ridiculous television in a sea of rivers.
An absurd amount of salisbury steaks.
Which is exactly how I spread my bread on my butter.
We must create a festering cesspool of joy.
This is Spago.
Never underestimate the power of powder and home furnishing refurbishment.
Eat like nobody is watching.
Imagine satchels of lettuce in capsules of time and space.
Milkshakes for everyone except me.
Added calories require hamburgers.
All in one day of work with rapper Ice Cube.
Copious amounts of parsley in a pantry full of pastries.
Coffee beans were harvested by ancient robots looking for tea.
The great power ranger massacre of 1977 was brought to me by mattel.
Too much sodium results in dead legs.
A bowl of confetti and pasta.
The annual parade of stampeding animals scene from the Disney's Lion King.
Chips and dip that burn with fire and desire.
This is not how I had envisions of love.
Vegan baby food for the 1% of vegetarian carnivores.
Build your own field of spleens.
This rack of rakes rank among the highest in gardening tools.
You can have your steak and eat it too.
Make a left and that the overpass through the carpal tunnel.
Cheeseburger of nails.
Such as throwing a pumpkin off the roof my grandmother's apartment complex.
Rude and unpleasant lobsters from the past.
When opportunity knocks, knock back as many beverages as you can.
It's not delivery, it's microwavable.
I once ate a lunchbox on purpose.
You can save money with difficulty in digesting food.
Someone please tell me what a boneyard is.
My first name is Marshall.
Deliberately become a picnic table.
Ask the hard to ask questions.
A diorama representing a typical example of xeroxed original copies.
What may be bad for the environment could be bad to the bone.
His mother was a crustacean.
This person scared the bojangles out of me.
The difference between an ankel and a cankel.
Clap your hands everybody and pull your groin.
I like my coffee coagulated with congeniality.
Consider me a chocolate cake.
I played kickball in preschool against the best.
A basket of squeezable geese.
It's called a toothpaste sandwich and I love it.
The doctor said she had broke her chicken bone.
I refuse to name my dog.
No chance in a duck's ass in hell.
Oh, me? I go to school.
I agree with paddle boats.
They embezzle the embodiment of emphasis.
Sick of all the shrimp she cooked.
After dessert we ransacked the barren deserts.
Carbonated chocolate milk for you and your loved ones.
I say we go hell in a knapsack.
I highly recommend getting the barnacles off with a yard stick.
Brought to you by Miller Lite which is the sponsored by Bud Light and in part by Coors Light.
Don't do it them.
This is a strawberry milkshake for the books.
I was left in the middle car seat for 26 hours.
Dolphins are crying, people are buying.
Let's go sports.
That was the day we decided to leave decision making to the ones we least respect.
There can only be fruit cakes the size of trucks.
To think they wanted my tortillas.
You can look but you can't blush.
It's more of a question of how much vernacular is dietary.
Consider a dolphin on drugs.
This is what it sounds like when you slip in the bathtub.
That's I always tell my pedicure.
Any of three muscles in each buttock that move the thigh.
Give or take less or more.
Corn flakes? No.
Nor do I support beams.
Better than a box of boxes made out of boxes and boxed up.
That seems like a job for aquatic drowners.
Eat a plain ass biscuit.
My thoughts? No, they deserve disheveled tea leaves.
We shovel cans of a dog food on a high speed conveyor belt.
Face the facts, I wander amongst oceans of thrashing halfpipes.
Time to get real if you want fake clocks.
But dude, no.
No, but dude.
Go ahead and read your favorite book while I suggest movies.
Dolphins for less.
My love is a sinkhole.
Lather gently with broken glass.
Saying you're going to provide dipsticks for everyone.
Totally tubular if you ask me.
Your neice is not nice.
They have oodles of noodles.
You are better off eating a cavity than seeing a doctor do backflips.
Dump a vase full of your father's ashes down the back of your shirt.
Wrap your parents in cellophane and call it the best day ever.
The last thing I need is a plethora of discounted toiletries.
Throw your wife in a ditty bag.
Yes, we also deliver counts of assault and rechargable battery.
Procrastinating fiascos from all over the globe.
Seven feet of string cheese couldn't hold me down.
If only you had the ability to be a croissant sandwich.
Don't believe me, ask a liar.
All doctors agree that you'll die.
Nothing like a bowl of apple jack knives.
Bread sandwich for the children.
But you said we would get free lobster.
This is the last time anyone will ever rub your face against carpet it.
Totally, because that's exactly what I want to do.
Just get nude in your house.
All while taking a shower in an aquarium.
Consider this, I really strive for selection of the car interior.
Don't believe me? Ask a liar.
Susan, we have a problem.
Whether or not you deserve loud insane asylum of children.
Stop now before you end up like that one guy from award winning motion pictures.
Ask about our low riders.
If one continues in this direction then call me from a prison.
Be sure to exercise your right to be left handed.
As if I own a drug mule raised on grass fed corn.
It's important to read warning signs your spouse wears a blouse.
I don't clean, but when I do butter up before class I'm not clean.
Hit the floor running your mouth will get you hit.
Knowing people who mark out over the debut of amateur professionals.
We know that, but how about we bury bare treasure chests.
Once know to many as a thorn in my blindside.
Messing with the wrong people will really get those doggies rolling.
To be specific, I had open heart brain surgey on my leg.
Buy while the skirt steaks are high on various narcotics.
Your love is like a mechanically tenderized box of tissue.
That's fine, but please triangulate finely diced up cashiers.
Don't risk a wrist watch where you are going.
Face it, I have no face.
All while lathered in spaghetti.
You would have to pay me to show up to work.
Better than drinking soap.
Absolutely impossible for me to decide on the perfect dress.
Do not get me started about ozone layer cake.
Too many constrained hamstring cheese sandwiches made of cement.
Certainly considered showering in my trenchcoat.
Face the facts, our dinner consisted of eating items from the display case.
Put on your discounted best meal in the city.
Smudge a curmudgeon in a dungeon.
How many armrests does it take?
This is my wife, it's now or never.
Give me your tired and give me your porridge.
Your huddled masses of yearning will breathe free.
Them buns is Alice in Chains' greatest one hit wonder of the Kurdistan national anthem.
Deep fried cottage cheese thighs provide buckets of trans-fatty acids.
I specifically told you to shove me down a flight of stairs.
He fell and landed on his face bone.
Don't you tell me things I already know.
Try some of my apple juice.
We're slipping on nuts.
I find that difficult to imagine.
Much like leaving no tip at a diner.
With gas prices and coupons.
What about that this do you not understand.
A man made of pudding.
My therapist is plastic.
Keep your family in a ziplock bag.
I will pay for free wifi.
All while sitting on a pair of dead legs.
Your refusal to rescue pounds of dogs.
No way, I was busy stealing from the government.
Naturally I have decided to be a waffle house.
Watch your mouth.
She made my hot dog stand.
It comes in a variety pack of wolves.
We can't just sit back and enjoy all the danksauce.
Your love handles are absolutely atrocious.
Fake it till you have a broken heart attack.
My man right here thinks he can powerlift a limousine.
I found a bloody knife at a nightclub once.
The mountain tops are high as hell.
This dude knows better than to chug milk.
Oh, come on.
That is a complete glazed ham.
Just sprinkle some nuts.
Around this time people from the neighborhood are held hostage.
One of the best ways to die is melting cheese.
People drown their sorrows in cement mix.
Casually slapped children with caution.
Call the police, tell them I'm running late.
Just face it, there will be croutons.
I go to school and eat salad.
Lay off me, I'm currently shaving the cream.
Now this I can work with.
I declare this day to be toffee.
Just rancid juicebars.
A collection of plastic bags full of plastic bags.
Not yet, but I do love soap bars.
I cannot be convinced.
I hit a truck at low speeds.
It's like my grandmother said no.
Speak now or forever hold this for one second.
Lay off me, I got enough loaves to last me a lifetime.
Unwilling to stop is what I live for.
I go to preschool university.
Oh no, never talk about pencil sharpeners.
I'd like to tell you to eat dead leaves.
