Sports have been the most popular form of recreation for people since time immemorial. To jot down the conclusive history of sports in a short summary is an impractical proposition. For gaining true insight, one needs to dig historically to reach every nook, corner and township in different parts of the globe. The scope and vastness of sports and its history make it impossible to point to a date that marks D-day in the world of sports.

The true spirit and recognition of sports at the international level took place with the introduction of Olympic games in Greece. Ancient Olympics refer to a legend called Hercules, son of Zeus, as being the founder of Olympic games. Written records point to first Olympic games being held in 776 BC. Historians believe that games were held much earlier than the recorded times. We have all heard about Coroebus who won the only sprint event held at the Olympics by running a distance of 192 meters.

Ancient Olympics had two major events—the Equestrian and the Pentathlon events and it later added events like jumping, running, wresting, javelin and discus (disc throwing). The Equestrian events introduced chariot racing and riding.

Olympic games were held every four years for around 1200 years. The Roman Emperor Theodosius banned Olympic events in 393 CE owing to the game’s pagan origin. Then during World War I and II, Olympic games suffered its worst. Some 1500 years later, the Olympic games found revival with serious efforts by a Frenchman called Pierre de Coubertin. His efforts to rouse sports enthusiasm in France were initially met with scepticism and controversy. However, Coubertin was not to give up his attempts so easily.

It was in 1890 that he established an organization called USFSA (Union des Sociétés Francaises de Sports Athlétiques). In a meeting of the USFSA in Paris on November 25, 1892, Coubertin voiced his desire to revive Olympic games with a popular speech. The speech did not invoke any serious interest. Two years later, in a meeting attended by 79 delegates from nine countries, he again proposed the idea and it arose interest this time. The delegates at the conference unanimously voted for hosting Olympic games and Athens was chosen as the venue to restart the events.

Women have come a long way in their struggle for recognition in the world of sports. Names like Jackie Joyner-Kersee , Billie Jean King and Babe Zaharias being back some proud moments in the history of women sports. Kersee is considered one of the greatest woman athletes during 1980s-1990s. Jackie Kersee flaunted the Glamour magazine in 1992 with her firm muscles that started a new fitness trend for American women.

While Billie Jean King brought a new name and fame to sports and to tennis with her superb performance. She also helped establish Player’s union and professional women’s tour during the early stages of Equal Rights Amendment in 1970s in her fight against unequal pay. Babe Didrikson Zaharias is one of the greatest athletes in history. She has been nicknamed after Babe Ruth for her extraordinary performance. An overall athlete, she outperformed at different sports like baseball, basketball, track and field, swimming, skating, and golf. Babe was founder of the LPGA tour in the 1930s and '40s.

Womens sports did not pick up very quickly. It was a long century old struggle over women rights, changes in legislation and endless fights before they saw some hope. One major landmark decision took place in 1972 when according to Title IX, the law gave unreserved and mandated rights to women in school athletics. It has not been an easy journey since then. Even today, women do not get equal facilities and media coverage as men sports. It is still a long way to the point when women would stand free of male-dominance in the field of sports. But a beginning has been made and the first steps look promising.

Women Rights in a country like US can be linked to history of women athletes. There are some shining names like Anna Karnikova, Althea Gibson, Mia Hamm, Martina Navratilova, Serena and Venus Williams that never fail to inspire the spirit of sports.

American sport history can be traced back to Red Indians who are the original inhabitants of the land. Native Americans used to play different games including ball games, a crude form of lacrosse. However, the first European settlers in 17th century are credited with modern-day ball games like soccer, rugby and cricket. Over a period, these games were further refined and developed into serious sports.

There has been promising growth in Athletics in the country, but the sports that drive people in this country include basketball, soccer and baseball. These sports are popularly known as America’s favourite pastime. The sporting ethos in the U.S. varies from other countries. In the USA, soccer is a trifle sport in comparison to American football. You can say that people vote in unison for baseball, basketball, ice hockey and stock car racing. Schools and colleges play a significant role in promoting sports at a young age.

Baseball is one of the most popular sports in the US. The Baseball season witnesses’ key League Baseball teams play the sport passionately starting from early April till October. Baseball grew as a professional sport in 1865. With the formation of National league in 1876, there has been looking back for baseball. All time favorite baseball players include Barry Bonds, Babe Ruth and Sandy Koufax.

American soccer popularly known as football is another very popular sport that has a large TV viewership. The National Football League (NFL) has 36 teams and is the most seeked football league in the US. Super Bowl, the championship game has a very large fan ship amongst TV audience. Some of the popular football players include Joe Montana, Jim Brown and Joe Namath.

Basketball is also a sport with a huge fan ship. The National Basketball Association (NBA) is the leading men’s basketball league in the world. The season starts at April end and the most popular basketball players include Magic Johnson, Michael Jordan, Pete Maravich, Larry Bird, Wilt Chamberlain, Bill Russell and Bob Cousy.

Motor sports are widely fancied in the US. There isn’t much of participation in serious international events like Formula One, but Americans love the sport. Open wheel racing was historically popular and Indianapolis 500 was a widely popular race. The sport has been raising nationwide fan base.

Average American enjoys outdoor sports like mountain hiking, biking and kayaking. Apart from these popular sports, golf, boxing and tennis also has a huge follow ship in the nation. However, cricket and rugby do not find serious liking in the nation. Cricket is very popular in India, Pakistan, Australia, West Indies, Srilanka and England.

Sports also play a big part in the world of media and broadcasting in the US. Television channels pay millions of dollars for exclusive broadcasting rights of major sporting events like baseball, basketball, tennis and football. It is known that contract between leagues and broadcasting companies lead to many commercial breaks during a game.

All in all, sport history in the US has many interesting tales to narrate. Due to introduction of sports like baseball, basketball and soccer at the school and college level, the sport is played fervently at the school and university levels. All of it speaks in volumes about the craze of Americans for their favorite sports.

Sports is another word for pants.
